# Minutes of the Meeting (MoM) - Week 6 - Day 3

**Project Title:** Magpie - Services at a Glance

**Group Members:** Kaustubh, Saul, Andreas, Jessica, Anais, Yuanshuo Du (Steven)

**Date:** 23rd October 2024

**Time:** 12:34 PM

**Location:** Online (Dublin, Ireland)

---

### **1. Attendance**

- **Present:**
  - Kaustubh
  - Jessica
  - Andreas
  - Steven
  - Anais
  - Saul

---

### **2. Agenda of the Meeting**

- Review task updates and current blockers.
- Discuss report progress and any last-minute changes.
- Confirm integration status for demo preparation.

---

### **3. Discussion and Key Points**

1. **Task Updates:**

   - **Kaustubh:** Worked on converting the bounding box into a circle for the map and has successfully merged this into the project. He plans to work on API integration today and aims to ensure everything is ready for the upcoming demo.
   - **Andreas:** Encountered issues with the login functionality, particularly when trying to log in, which he discussed with Steven. He will continue working on unit tests and back-end integration today.
   - **Saul:** Continued working on the report and updated sections based on feedback. He is also focusing on the demo preparation for Friday.
   - **Steven:** Fixed the login bug related to the sign-up page being marked as a protected route. He is refining the authentication and integrating it with the back-end. Today, he will work closely with Kaustubh on API integration.
   - **Anais:** Encountered issues with edge detection for maps, as it detected irrelevant edges like street names. She will focus on finishing up the general masking function today and improving the overall accuracy.
   - **Jessica:** Finished labeling images and retraining the model for parking detection. She will create a table for the results and continue refining the model.

2. **Integration Challenges:**

   - The team discussed difficulties with the login functionality and API access. Andreas is working on resolving the issue with Stevenâ€™s help.
   - **Kaustubh** showed a preview of the map displaying points on a local server. While the back-end integration is still in progress, Mapbox Studio is being used temporarily to display data points for the demo if integration is incomplete.

3. **Report and Machine Learning Feedback:**

   - **Jessica** and **Anais** discussed incorporating feedback from Damien regarding the machine learning sections of the report. They are focusing on shifting from a narrative style to a more technical format for the final submission.
   - Saul and Andreas will continue working on the report, with each member contributing to the relevant technical sections.

4. **Demo Preparation:**

   - The team agreed that the demo should include as much of the integrated system as possible, even if some elements are mocked for presentation purposes. **Kaustubh** and **Steven** will prioritize ensuring the data points and front-end elements are connected by the demo.

5. **Survey Update:**
   - Anais mentioned that Damien has provided the old mailing list to send out the survey. There was some confusion about whether they can send it themselves or if Damien will handle it. Kaustubh will meet with Damien later to clarify this and confirm the survey distribution process.

---

**Date:** 23rd October 2024
