# Minutes of the Meeting (MoM) - Week 6 - Day 4

**Project Title:** Magpie - Services at a Glance

**Group Members:** Kaustubh, Saul, Andreas, Jessica, Anais, Yuanshuo Du (Steven)

**Date:** 24th October 2024

**Time:** 12:38 PM

**Location:** Online (Dublin, Ireland)

---

### **1. Attendance**

- **Present:**
  - Kaustubh
  - Jessica
  - Andreas
  - Steven
  - Anais
  - Saul

---

### **2. Agenda of the Meeting**

- Review script implementation and reconnection logic.
- Update on report feedback and final revisions.
- Prepare for the interim presentation.

---

### **3. Discussion and Key Points**

1. **Script Implementation and Reconnection Logic:**

   - **Saul** implemented a script that runs in memory and includes reconnection logic for the web socket, addressing issues with connection stability. This ensures that the system can reconnect automatically if the web socket dies.

2. **Interim Report Feedback and Revisions:**

   - The team received positive feedback from Damien on the interim report, with a minor suggestion for improvement. Saul plans to make additional changes based on feedback received from other reviewers.
   - The updated report will be finalized and submitted by 3:00 PM, after which the focus will shift entirely to the presentation.

3. **Presentation Preparation:**

   - **Saul** will begin working on the presentation at 3:00 PM, with team members encouraged to add their respective sections beforehand.
   - **Jessica** and **Anais** are responsible for preparing slides on machine learning, using images to show the progression of the model's detection capabilities (before and after car detection).
   - The presentation should be concise, aiming for 25â€“30 slides to fit within the 15-minute time limit, followed by a 5-minute demo. The team agreed on a quick overview approach, covering each section briefly.

4. **Presentation Roles and Responsibilities:**

   - The team discussed assigning sections based on individual contributions to ensure a clear distinction in roles. Each member will focus on their own project areas, with general sections like user scenarios divided among volunteers.
   - A practice round was suggested to ensure timing accuracy, especially since this is a critical interim presentation. Saul was open to the idea, with confirmation pending from Kaustubh.

5. **Additional Tasks and Final Adjustments:**
   - **Steven** is working on front-end authentication and ensuring tokens are correctly processed. **Kaustubh** requires this functionality for the data points integration, and the two will coordinate after the report submission to complete this task.
   - **Anais** refined the road mask and completed the first version, focusing on masking out highways effectively. She also began sourcing additional data for the aggregation model.
   - **Jessica** volunteered to create and share the presentation template, streamlining the workflow for everyone to add their content.

---

**Date:** 24th October 2024
