# Minutes of the Meeting (MoM) - Week 7 - Day 2

**Project Title:** Magpie - Services at a Glance

**Group Members:** Kaustubh, Saul, Andreas, Jessica, Anais, Yuanshuo Du (Steven)

**Date:** 29th October 2024

**Time:** 12:31 PM

**Location:** Online (Dublin, Ireland)

---

### **1. Attendance**

- **Present:**
  - Kaustubh
  - Jessica
  - Andreas
  - Steven
  - Anais
  - Saul

---

### **2. Agenda of the Meeting**

- Review feedback from lecturers on the interim report.
- Update on the vertical slice completion.
- Plan next phase tasks and identify new data sources.

---

### **3. Discussion and Key Points**

1. **Interim Report Feedback:**
   - Brendan and other lecturers provided feedback, with mixed responses. One lecturer seemed to misunderstand some report details, particularly around the two-page layout.
   - Kaustubh noted that the team should not be overly concerned, as at least one lecturer provided positive feedback. The team agreed to treat this as a learning opportunity, understanding that they should follow examples more closely in the future.

2. **Vertical Slice Completion:**
   - The team completed the vertical slice, achieving functionality for detecting parked cars and storing data in the database, with preliminary access available for external viewing. While some adjustments are still needed, this milestone demonstrates the system's core capabilities.

3. **Next Phase - Data Source Expansion:**
   - The focus will now shift to adding new data sources to enrich the front-end experience. Kaustubh encouraged team members to share ideas for additional datasets.
   - **Jessica** mentioned identifying several potential datasets on data.gov.ie, including bike parking and accessible parking datasets that could be easily integrated.
   - Kaustubh requested these datasets be converted to CSV for seamless database integration, with **Andreas** agreeing to help with this task.

4. **Assigning Tasks and Issue Tracking:**
   - Andreas will work on adapting Jessicaâ€™s scripts to new data sources. Kaustubh will address minor front-end issues, including redirect logic for login and token expiration handling.
   - The group will handle task tracking via GitHub issues, with clear assignments for each small fix or enhancement to streamline progress.

5. **Retrospective Process Changes:**
   - Going forward, the team will submit retrospective feedback (mad/sad/glad) privately via direct message to Saul, who will anonymize and compile the insights. This change is intended to encourage more candid responses.

6. **Next Sprint Planning:**
   - A sprint planning session was scheduled for 7:00 PM to discuss upcoming feature ideas and new GitHub issues. This time was agreed upon by all members for optimal participation.

---

**Date:** 29th October 2024
